docs: update iceworks-page-builder docs (#256)
ice-lab/iceworks: extensions/iceworks-page-builder/README.en.md

# Iceworks Page Builder

Through GUI, you can quickly assemble pages with materials.

## How to use?

> ### Wake up

Reviewer: Activate

![demo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/56879942/87402315-f49be580-c5ed-11ea-87a8-4143a461124f.gif)

> 1. Arouse vscode command palette  through `Ctrl+Shift+P` or `⇧⌘P` .

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Open vscode command palette by `Ctrl+Shift+P` or `⇧⌘P`.
```

> 2. In the command panel, type 'Iceworks: Create page' and click on the selected item or press enter on the keyboard to evoke page-builder extension.

Reviewer 2: command panel --> command palette

Create a web page view in a low-code way.

## How to use?

### Wake up

![demo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/56879942/87402315-f49be580-c5ed-11ea-87a8-4143a461124f.gif)

> 1. Arouse the command panel through ` ⇧⌘P ` .

Reviewer: `` 引号内不需要左右空格

> 

Reviewer: 列表项之间不需要换行。

> 2. In the command panel, type 'Iceworks: Create page' and click on the selected item or press enter on the keyboard to evoke a page-generating plugin.

Reviewer: a page-generating plugin => page-builder extension.
